Add documentation for Python and Rust (#26)
codecrafters-io/docs: docs/challenges/language-support/rust.mdx

---
title: "Rust"
description: "Learn how to solve CodeCrafters challenges in Rust"
---

<Note>
  **New to Rust?** We recommend checking out [Rust by
  Example](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/) to get up to speed.
</Note>

# Local development

> To run the code for your challenge locally, you'll need `Rust` installed. Our test runners use version `1.76` (as of April 2024).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the code for your challenge locally, you'll need `cargo` installed. Our test runners use version `1.76` (as of April 2024).
```

The script for your challenge (like `./your_bittorrent.sh`) will automatically compile and run your code using `cargo run`. It'll
look something like this:

```sh
#!/bin/sh

exec cargo run \
    --quiet \
    --release \
    --target-dir=/tmp/codecrafters-bittorrent-target \
    --manifest-path $(dirname "$0")/Cargo.toml -- "$@"
```

# File structure

- The files for your solution are placed in the `src` directory.
- `src/main.rs` contains the `main` function, which is what the test runner executes.

# Adding more files

You can add more files and directories to the `src` directory. The test runner will include them when compiling your code.

For example, if you added a file at `src/foo.rs`, you could use it like so:

<CodeGroup>

```Rust src/foo.rs
pub fn foo() {
    println!("Hello World!");
}
```

```Rust src/main.rs
mod foo;

fn main() {
  foo:foo(); // Calls the foo function from foo.rs
}
```

</CodeGroup>

> <Note>

Reviewer: Good note!

  Remember to make `foo()` accessible to `main.rs` by adding the `pub`
  identifier
</Note>

# Adding dependencies

> Since version 1.62, Rust allows adding dependencies using `cargo add`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add dependencies to your program using `cargo add`.
```

(I don't think the 1.62 thing is relevant here, we're always dealing with newer versions)
